When in doubt with these arrows
refresh because hot reloading and
native module stoned, always mix well.
Cool, so we have got a home icon here, but
obviously it is way too big and
it's a weird color.
So if you remember here from tab bar icon,
we have access to what
color we should use.
And what size, so we can actually
pass these through so let's do color.
And we should probably de
structure the color and
size and passing color and size.
So now when we move between the tab,
you'll actually notice that it
has an active and inactive state.
So this is what comes from the color.
So when I go to home is blue, and
if I go away from home, it's great,
which is pretty handy.
Now let's do the same.
So for the exercise, basically we're gonna
do the same with the other two icons,
history and analytics.
So to do this, let's copy.
So this is the list, so this is where
the history tab as communist SPG.
And then go to our icons let's create
a constant history tab and react FC.
Same icon props because
they're in the same file is
actually quite handy to have the same
props as well use for all of them.
So we know what to expect And
let's return.
This SVG.
Cool, so
we want the same default values as well.
Right now we need to convert these so
we already have SVG imported and
we already have path imported.
And then circle is a new one but
it is a valid SVG element so
all we need to do is imported
from react native SVG.
And the last thing you wanna do is
also pass in the size and a color.
So we'll do on the SVG,
we'll do with its size,
height, size and color.
Cool so quite history tab for
some reason I'm in history icon.
And let's export this as well and
let's do the same for the analytics icon.
So, export const analytics
I can't see icon props
And we'll return this SVG so
let's do the same people says before.
We be covered capital with a path.
And we'll also pass in the width,
size and height, size and
of course the color.
Now go back to button
tabs in our tab icon.
We can add the rest so
if boots name is history.
Let's return.
Stevie icon.
Some reason typescript isn't catching up,
so
let's import it manually.
And if route.name
is, analytics.
Let's return the analytics icon.
And because it's good
to have a default here.
So let's just do return now.
If none of these for
example you added a new tab.
Cool let me just reload this so in
the history icon we need to use fill for
the color rather than fill so
if we change this to fill.
And change this to fill that works
excellent so now we have three tabs.
And all the work and they change color so
these are the default colors and
you get rid of back navigation.
But obviously you can customize this and
use your own colors.
So let's go to screen options so
I added some default colors for us to use.
Yeah, so
added two new colors to add to our theme.
So we got a blue and
a gray so if we open our
theme again, add these two colors here.
And going back to bottom tabs
to here just before screen
options as part of this object.
We'll do tab bar active color,
active tint color.
It's very memorable.
Let's do theme.
I think this is blue, and
then tab bar inactive
tint color will be
the other color we added.
Just gray.
Color gray.
And this is handy because now this
is set at the screen option level.
So we don't need to worry about what color
it is we know it comes gets passed into
this function And
the last thing we wanna do is we
don't actually wanna show the names of
these tabs because we have the icons.
And they are handy enough so
we have a property I think it's
called tab bar show label.
And if we set this to false,
then the label will disappear.
And the last thing you wanna do is we so
by default, these tab titles,
they will be whatever
the tab itself is called.
So we could update these titles to either
display something that you pass into
the screen as a property.
Or like another hard coded value that's
different from the actual name of the tab.
And the way you do that is each of
the screens also have an options property.
So we get options and
this can either be a function.
Then you get some metadata about
the route and navigation, or in our case,
we don't care about that.
We just want an object and
just call it title.
Today's.
Mood now you can see it holds up dates and
it shows up here.
And we can do the same for
history so let's do options.
And title past moods.
And for the analytics.
Let's do options title, fancy graphs.